doc: use consistent method symbol (#42974)
nodejs/node: doc/api/http2.md

    queued to be sent, and unacknowledged `PING` and `SETTINGS` frames are all
    counted towards the current limit. **Default:** `10`.
  * `maxHeaderListPairs` {number} Sets the maximum number of header entries.

>     This is similar to [`http.Server.maxHeadersCount`][] or
>     [`http.ClientRequest.maxHeadersCount`][]. The minimum value is `4`.

Reviewer: Not sure this PR is improving the clarity, I think we want to make it clear if those are static properties, on instance getters.
```suggestion
    This is similar to [`http.Server.prototype.maxHeadersCount`][] or
    [`http.ClientRequest.prototype.maxHeadersCount`][]. The minimum value is `4`.
```
but that notation is not ideal either, and might be as confusing. We could try doing this maybe:
```suggestion
    This is similar to [`httpServer.maxHeadersCount`][] or
    [`httpClientRequest.maxHeadersCount`][]. The minimum value is `4`.
```

Author: I'm not sure I understand. Is not `maxHeadersCount` a property of a `http.Server` instance and a property of `http.ClientRequest` (ignore the fact that we don't create them via `new`, but we treat them like a class instance)?

Reviewer: `http.Server` is not an instance of `http.Server` though.

```console
$ node -p 'http.Server instanceof http.Server'
false
$ node -p '"maxHeadersCount" in http.Server'   
false
$ node -p '"maxHeadersCount" in new http.Server()'                
true
```

> ignore the fact that we don't create them via `new`, but we treat them like a class instance

I don't think that's something we can ignore, it would be very confusing.

Author: I agree. The problem is that the # is arbitrary and might also be mistaken in the future for the private class accessor.

What about keeping the `.` and specifically annotate destinations sections to outline they are direct properties of the classes and not of the instances?

Reviewer: Don't you think that the following would be way less confusing?

```suggestion
    This is similar to [`httpServer.maxHeadersCount`][] or
    [`httpClientRequest.maxHeadersCount`][]. The minimum value is `4`.
```

Author: Honestly not. `http` act as namespace. Collapsing into the object name gives no benefit IMHO.

Reviewer: Then I guess `#` is the only acceptable convention, and specifically annotate destinations sections to outline they are public properties, not private.

Reviewer: > All are read-write and use the same notation in other pages, like https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v16.x/docs/api/child_process.html#subprocessconnected.

This link doesn't contain any example of an instance property being documented as a static property, does it?

Author: That's what I'm saying. Those properties are not static. Why do you think they are static?

Reviewer: `http.Server` is a class, so `http.Server.whatever` must be a static property, at least that's how I read it.

Author: Oh, now I see the misunderstanding.
If you follow the link, then the section title will be `server.whatever`. So instance method. The upper case will be use only for cross-page linking. I don't think this will confuse readers.

Reviewer: That's true, but I think it also applies for the use of `#` (when the user click on the link, it will be clear to them that it is not a private property).
Another upside of `#` over `.` is that `http.Server#whatever` is not valid JS, `http.Server.whatever` is but doesn't mean what we actually mean. I know it would confuse me.
Maybe we can try to use another convention? Like maybe `<http.Server instance>.whatever`?

Author: @aduh95 I followed a completely different approach: I use the same title of the destination links but I made explicit in the source that we're referring to another module. What do you think about it?

>     [`request.maxHeadersCount`][] in the `http` module. The minimum value is `4`.

Author: 👍
